readme.md, before:

# Vacation Explorer

Vacation explorer makes recommendations to the user based on the chosen city. It can be used to find hotels, restaurants and what to do in a particular city.
This is a webpage that is simple and intuiative for the user to use, the intention is to have a clean and simple layout so that the user will not be confused and not know what to do when visiting the page.

## UX

This website is for anyone who thinks of traveling to another city and want some ideas of where to stay, eat and do! The website gives the user a quick and easy access to these three catagories in the chosen city. The webpage has a simple layout so that the user quickly can get an overview if the city has anything to offer them.

The typical user is person or family that haven't decided on where they want to go for a vacation. They want a simple first look at the destination.

### Wireframe

The wireframe was made on the [Balsamiq](https://balsamiq.com/wireframes/) website. It is a general layout of the page and its responsivness to smaller screens.

You can take a look at the wireframe here: [VacationExplorerWireframe](Vacation-Explorer-Wireframe.pdf)

### Mockup

The mockup shows the static visual design draft. In the mockup you can see the colors and typography etc of the page. You can take a look at the mockup here: [Mockup](mockup.html)

### Features

There are mainly two features that the user needs to interact with before getting a result: Choosing recommendation catagory and typing city of interest! The webpage is built to be simple for the user to use

#### Existing Features

#### ?

The ? is a modal that when clicked informs the user how to use the website.

#### Checkboxes

The user checks one, two or three boxes according to what recommendations the user wants. When a box is checked the recommendations will be displayed below the search field.

#### Search field

The user types the city where they want to travel to.

#### Recommendations

There are three catagories of recommendations
    1) Where to stay?
    2) Where to eat?
    3) What to do?

#### Back to top link

When the user is at the bottom of the page, the user can click the "Back to top" link to easily get back to the start.

### Technologies Used

This site is build with the help of different languages, frameworks and libraries.
Below is a list of what I have used to build this site:

#### Bootstrap

I used the Bootstrap framework to build a responsinve site

[Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.2/getting-started/introduction/)

#### Google fonts

The fonts that I used came from Google fonts and the fontfamily used is called: Baloo Bhai

[GoogleFonts](https://fonts.google.com/)

#### Font Awsome

I used the icons for the checkboxes form the Font Awsome website

[Fontawsome](https://fontawesome.com/start)

#### jQuery library

I used the jQuery library for the modal

[jQuery](https://code.jquery.com/)

### Testing

### Deployment

### Credits

#### Content

#### Media

#### Acknowledgements

Commit message:

Readme file updated with mockup and wireframe link

readme.md, after:

# Vacation Explorer

Vacation explorer makes recommendations to the user based on the chosen city. It can be used to find hotels, restaurants and what to do in a particular city.
This is a webpage that is simple and intuiative for the user to use, the intention is to have a clean and simple layout so that the user will not be confused and not know what to do when visiting the page.

## UX

This website is for anyone who thinks of traveling to another city and want some ideas of where to stay, eat and do! The website gives the user a quick and easy access to these three catagories in the chosen city. The webpage has a simple layout so that the user quickly can get an overview if the city has anything to offer them.

The typical user is person or family that haven't decided on where they want to go for a vacation. They want a simple first look at the destination.

### Wireframe and Mockup

The wireframe displays my sites structure both on a smartphone and on a desktop, the mockup shows the static visual design draft. In the mockup you can see the colors and typography etc of the page.

The wireframe and mockup was made with [AdobeXd](https://xd.adobe.com/view/071a08ba-0067-4139-493a-d2b49e5466d3-712b/).

You can take a look at the wireframe and mockup here: [WireframeAndMockUp](https://xd.adobe.com/view/071a08ba-0067-4139-493a-d2b49e5466d3-712b/)

### Features

There are mainly two features that the user needs to interact with before getting a result: Choosing recommendation catagory and typing city of interest! The webpage is built to be simple for the user to use

#### Existing Features

#### ?

The ? is a modal that when clicked informs the user how to use the website.

#### Checkboxes

The user checks one, two or three boxes according to what recommendations the user wants. When a box is checked the recommendations will be displayed below the search field.

#### Search field

The user types the city where they want to travel to.

#### Recommendations

There are three catagories of recommendations
    1) Where to stay?
    2) Where to eat?
    3) What to do?

#### Back to top link

When the user is at the bottom of the page, the user can click the "Back to top" link to easily get back to the start.

### Technologies Used

This site is build with the help of different languages, frameworks and libraries.
Below is a list of what I have used to build this site:

#### Bootstrap

I used the Bootstrap framework to build a responsinve site

[Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.2/getting-started/introduction/)

#### Google fonts

The fonts that I used came from Google fonts and the fontfamily used is called: Baloo Bhai

[GoogleFonts](https://fonts.google.com/)

#### Font Awsome

I used the icons for the checkboxes form the Font Awsome website

[Fontawsome](https://fontawesome.com/start)

#### jQuery library

I used the jQuery library for the modal

[jQuery](https://code.jquery.com/)

### Testing

### Deployment

### Credits

#### Content

#### Media

#### Acknowledgements
